README.md, before:

# Polls by FriendsOfFlarum

![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg) [![Latest Stable Version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/fof/polls.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/fof/polls) [![OpenCollective](https://img.shields.io/badge/opencollective-fof-blue.svg)](https://opencollective.com/fof/donate) [![Patreon](https://img.shields.io/badge/patreon-datitisev-f96854.svg?logo=patreon)](https://patreon.com/datitisev)

A [Flarum](http://flarum.org) extension. A Flarum extension that adds polls to your discussions.

### Installation

Use [Bazaar](https://discuss.flarum.org/d/5151-flagrow-bazaar-the-extension-marketplace) or install manually with composer:

```sh
composer require fof/polls
```

### Updating

```sh
composer update fof/polls
```

### Links

[<img src="https://opencollective.com/fof/donate/button@2x.png?color=blue" height="25" />](https://opencollective.com/fof/donate)
[<img src="https://c5.patreon.com/external/logo/become_a_patron_button.png" height="25" />](https://patreon.com/datitisev)

- [Packagist](https://packagist.org/packages/fof/polls)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/packages/FriendsOfFlarum/polls)

An extension by [FriendsOfFlarum](https://github.com/FriendsOfFlarum).

Commit message:

Add migrating from ReFlar to README

README.md, after:

# Polls by FriendsOfFlarum

![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg) [![Latest Stable Version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/fof/polls.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/fof/polls) [![OpenCollective](https://img.shields.io/badge/opencollective-fof-blue.svg)](https://opencollective.com/fof/donate) [![Patreon](https://img.shields.io/badge/patreon-datitisev-f96854.svg?logo=patreon)](https://patreon.com/datitisev)

A [Flarum](http://flarum.org) extension. A Flarum extension that adds polls to your discussions.

### Installation

Use [Bazaar](https://discuss.flarum.org/d/5151-flagrow-bazaar-the-extension-marketplace) or install manually with composer:

```sh
composer require fof/polls
```

#### Migrating from ReFlar Polls

Make sure you've updated to the latest `reflar/polls` version and run `php flarum migrate` BEFORE installing `fof/polls`.
You will not be able to install this extension if you have a version of ReFlar Polls older than v1.3.4 as well.

```sh
$ composer require reflar/polls
$ php flarum migrate
$ composer require fof/polls
```

### Updating

```sh
composer update fof/polls
```

### Links

[<img src="https://opencollective.com/fof/donate/button@2x.png?color=blue" height="25" />](https://opencollective.com/fof/donate)
[<img src="https://c5.patreon.com/external/logo/become_a_patron_button.png" height="25" />](https://patreon.com/datitisev)

- [Packagist](https://packagist.org/packages/fof/polls)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/packages/FriendsOfFlarum/polls)

An extension by [FriendsOfFlarum](https://github.com/FriendsOfFlarum).
